README.md, before:

# Heroic Games Launcher

This app is a Linux GUI for the tool [Legendary](https://github.com/derrod/legendary), a Linux native alternative to the Epic Games Launcher.
It is built with Web Technologies like: Typescrypt, React, NodeJS and Electron.

### [Design based on the UI/UX Research by Biliane Moreira ](https://bilianemoreira.com/heroic-game-launcher-for-linux)

## Current Version Screenshots

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823821-49dedb00-584d-11eb-9e89-0972f5515e96.png)
![library](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823772-eb196180-584c-11eb-9302-667e3d3e934e.png)
![gamepage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823773-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-970b-32b83ab88365.png)
![game-installed](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823774-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-9b11-6a418bf58329.png)
![settings-other](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823775-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-8e9f-4690e8ec21a9.png)

## How to use it:

- Download and install the package for your distro or the universal AppImage file on the Releases Page;
- If you used Legendary before, it load your library and installed games. If not, it will ask you for Login First. Just follow the instructions.

## Feature availables right now

- Login with an existing Epic Games account
- Install/Uninstall Games of your Library
- Update installed Games
- Import an already installed game
- Multiple downloads at the same time
- Play games using the default wine and default prefix
- Play game with custom wine (Lutris Wine/Proton maybe but can lead to bugs)
- Run games on custom wine prefix
- Check basic information about your Games
- Open game page on Epic Store
- Search for the game on ProtonDB
- Sync installed games with an existing Epic Games instalation folder
- Sync saves with the cloud

## Planned features

- Better Login System
- Repair installed Games
- Get the Free game of the week
- Add Games outside Epic Games
- Integration with other stores (GOG, ITCH.IO, Humble Bundle)

## Binaries supported right now

- DEB, RPM, Pacman, AppImage and TAR.XZ (with the heroic binary and all dependecies)
- Recommended AUR version right now: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/heroic-games-launcher-bin/
- Might think about Flatpak And/Or SNAP in the future as well

## How to build and run locally

This app uses web technologies like Electron, React and Typescript.
To be able to run you will need to have NodeJs installed locally and follow the instructions below:

### Steps:

- Clone the Repository.
- Install foreman with `npm i -g foreman`.
- On the project folder run `npm install`.
- Run `npm run build` to build the React Assets.
- Run `npm start`.
- To build the binaries run `npm run dist`.

Commit message:

Verify Games + Fixes (#100)
* feat: error message when cant uninstall

* fix: create prefix folder when absent

* fix: updates stop when leaving game page

* feat: unified game statuses

* fix: winecfg and winetricks on wrong prefix

* feat: added option to repair games

* feat: added more wine/proton search folder

* fix: font sizes

* other: removed bytes progress for now

* feat: better notification handler

* other: minor tweaks

* chore: gamelist spacing

* chore: ReadMe

* chore: version

* fix: library not updating when on tray

* feat: show window when click on notification

* fix: proton prefix with wrong path

* chore: log

README.md, after:

# Heroic Games Launcher

Heroic is an Open Source Game Launcher for Linux.
Right now it supports launching game from the Epic Games Store using [Legendary](https://github.com/derrod/legendary), a Linux CLI alternative to launch epic games.
Heroic is built with Web Technologies like: Typescrypt, React, NodeJS and Electron.

### [Design based on the UI/UX Research by Biliane Moreira ](https://bilianemoreira.com/heroic-game-launcher-for-linux)

## Current Version Screenshots

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823821-49dedb00-584d-11eb-9e89-0972f5515e96.png)
![library](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823772-eb196180-584c-11eb-9302-667e3d3e934e.png)
![gamepage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823773-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-970b-32b83ab88365.png)
![game-installed](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823774-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-9b11-6a418bf58329.png)
![settings-other](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26871415/104823775-ec4a8e80-584c-11eb-8e9f-4690e8ec21a9.png)

## How to use it:

- Download and install the package for your distro or the universal AppImage file on the Releases Page;
- If you used Legendary before, it load your library and installed games. If not, it will ask you for Login First. Just follow the instructions.

## Feature availables right now

- Login with an existing Epic Games account
- Install/Uninstall Games
- Import an already installed game
- Update installed Games
- Repair installed Games
- Multiple downloads at the same time
- Play games using the default wine and default prefix
- Play game with custom wine (Lutris Wine/Proton maybe but can lead to bugs)
- Run games on custom wine prefix
- Check basic information about your Games
- Open game page on Epic Store
- Search for the game on ProtonDB
- Sync installed games with an existing Epic Games instalation folder
- Sync saves with the cloud

## Planned features

- Better Login System
- Get the Free game of the week
- Add Games outside Epic Games
- Integration with other stores (GOG, ITCH.IO, Humble Bundle)

## Binaries supported right now

- DEB, RPM, Pacman, AppImage and TAR.XZ (with the heroic binary and all dependecies)
- Recommended AUR version: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/heroic-games-launcher-bin/
- Might think about Flatpak And/Or SNAP in the future as well

## How to build and run locally

To be able to run you will need to have NodeJs installed locally and follow the instructions below:

### Steps:

- Clone the Repository.
- Install foreman with `npm i -g foreman`.
- On the project folder run `npm install`.
- Run `npm run build` to build the React Assets.
- Run `npm start`.
- To build the binaries run `npm run dist`.
